Pathlib vs OS Modules for File and Directory System Operation utilizing Comparable Scenarios (#6469)
section-engineering-education/engineering-education: content/authors/akenz-michael/index.md

---
title: Akinsanya Michael
type: authors
linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/akinsanya-m-0585661ab/
email: akenz1901@gmail.com
github: https://www.github.com/akenz1901
images:
- url: /engineering-education/authors/akenz-michael/avatar.jpg
---

> Akinsanya Michael is a passionate Software Engineer, an ethnographer, a Farmer, and an Industrial Robotics enthusiast,
> he holds a BSc degree in Computer Science and he solves problems with the following tools Ethnography, Java, Python, and SQL.
> He believes sharing and utilizing his skills and knowledge is a great opportunity for achieving growth development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Akinsanya Michael is a passionate Software Engineer, an ethnographer, a Farmer, and an Industrial Robotics enthusiast. He holds a B.Sc degree in Computer Science and he solves problems with the following tools Ethnography, Java, Python, and SQL. He believes sharing and utilizing his skills and knowledge is a great opportunity for achieving growth development.
```
